20:00:00 <zzz> 0) Hi
20:00:00 <zzz> 1) 0.9.39 dev status (zzz)
20:00:00 <zzz> 2) LS2 status (zzz)
20:00:00 <zzz> 3) Status scrum (zlatinb)
20:00:04 <zzz> 0) Hi
20:00:05 <zzz> hi
20:00:14 <sadie__> hi
20:00:14 <zzz> 1) 0.9.39 dev status (zzz)
20:00:32 <zzz> it's been a busy release cycle, lot of changes coming for 39
20:00:47 <zzz> performance improvements, more work on LS2, the addition of i2pcontrol
20:00:48 <zlatinb> hi
20:01:09 <zzz> lots of bug fixes
20:01:37 <zzz> release will be in two weeks, if we can get a couple of final decisions done for encrypted ls2 that are still pending
20:02:04 <zzz> and I think we'll have new home page icons? sadie__ they going to make it in?
20:02:16 <sadie__> yes
20:02:34 <zzz> great.
20:03:01 <zzz> I know that meeh is trying to fix the android bote issue, if it's on the router side, which we don't know yet
20:03:20 <R4SAS> zzz: i have little question about translations, ask it later?
20:03:33 <zzz> and he's working on some improvements with the OSX launcher for 39 also
20:03:44 <zzz> yes R4SAS lets wait until after the meeting
20:03:51 <R4SAS> kk
20:04:27 <zzz> 38 is running smoothly and we've fixed a lot of LS2 bugs for 39
20:05:08 <zzz> the 8 week release cycle is pretty quick and we're racing to get everything done, but for now we're on track, barely
20:05:21 <zzz> anything else for 1) ?
20:06:12 <zzz> 2) LS2 status (zzz)
20:06:22 <zzz> we finished our 30th meeting yesterday
20:06:36 <zzz> "regular" LS2 testing is going well
20:07:01 <zzz> we're finishing up the encrypted LS2 spec, and have a new proposal 146 up that defines the signing/verifying part of it
20:07:42 <zzz> everything meta-ls2 is pushed to 40. Encrypted LS2 was way harder to come to agreement on, and get it working,we had no time left for meta
20:08:01 <zzz> meetings are still every monday, 7:30 PM UTC in #ls2
20:08:06 <zzz> all are welcome
20:08:58 <zzz> encrypted ls2 is very nice, in that the floodfills can't see the leasesets, so it prevents some simple scraping by the floodfills
20:09:34 <zzz> getting ls2 support out the floodfills makes it much easier for us to test and fix bugs.
20:09:53 <zzz> once it's all working, we'll expose the options in the UI so people can start using it
20:10:29 <zzz> any questions on LS2 (proposal 123) or related?
20:10:52 <R4SAS> yeah, ls2 enc 3 already works
20:11:44 <zzz> type 3 works, yes. However without new encryption, it's not that helpful. Encryption proposals are 144 and 145; we haven't gotten very far on them yet
20:11:44 <tini2p> will the blinding in encls2 be independent of key/curve type, i.e. ed25519, curve25519, red25519?
20:12:33 <zzz> blinding is defined for specific curves. We're definiing it for two inpug types (ed25519 and red25519) and one blinded type (red25519)
20:12:46 <zzz> but we're designing everything so we can change our mind later, or add new types
20:13:41 <zzz> so it's for a particular sig type -> sig type combination
20:13:47 <tini2p> awesome, thanks zzz
20:13:58 <zzz> anything else on 2) ?
20:14:50 <zzz> 3) Status scrum (zlatinb)
20:14:54 <zzz> take it away zlatinb 
20:14:59 <zlatinb> Hi, we’ll do the scrum in parallel.  Please say: 1) what you’ve been up to the last month 2) what you plan to do next month 3) if you have any blockers or need help.  When you’re done, say EOT
20:16:24 <zzz> 1) LS2 work, bug fixes, performance improvements, added i2pcontrol, removed themes, NTCP1 disable option, fix SSU disable option,apparmor fixes
20:16:36 <zlatinb> me: 1) Work on zero-dependency installer - available in the lab.  Jogger tix - most are done or have a determination.  Arctic proxies - lots of analysis, some bugs in i2p were found as result. 2) more network analysis 3) No blockers. EOT
20:17:05 <zzz> 1b) multi-outproxy improvements
20:17:42 <sadie__> This month: UI/ UX improvements, making connections for IFF, funding proposal, narrative, user research. Next month, Internet Freedom Festival, continue UX/ UI work, website improvements, documentation updates. EOT
20:18:16 <zzz> 2) LS2 (encrypted/meta), 39 release, hopefully work on fixing the signed windows installer, debian fixes with mhatta
20:18:38 <zzz> 3) no blockers, EOT
20:19:42 <zlatinb> Anyone else?  If not, scrum is over in 60s.
20:20:30 <tini2p> 1) working on implementing generic wrappers for potential ecies-x25519, and consolidating common i2p data structures, replacing crypto++ w/ libsodium. 2) implement red25519 + encls2, and start on netdb. 3) can't think of any atm, will check in. EOT
20:20:56 * zlatinb resets 60s timeout
20:21:37 <zzz> ha, we have a volunteer scrummer
20:21:50 <tini2p> :)
20:22:17 <zzz> where might we find your work tini2p?
20:22:45 <zlatinb> TimeoutException
20:22:52 <zlatinb> ScrumTimeoutException :)
20:23:04 <tini2p> https://gitlab.com/tini2p/tini2p
20:23:09 <zzz> ok I guess that's it for 3), thanks zlatinb 
20:23:21 <zzz> thanks tini2p hopefully some people will take a look
20:23:27 <tini2p> big pr coming from tune branch
20:23:34 <zzz> anything else for the meeting?
20:23:51 <zzz> any questions or comments?
20:24:10 <picklerick> what would be the requirements for contributing a new transport?
20:24:53 <zzz> I guess for starters, write it up as a proposal
20:25:04 <picklerick> okay
20:25:46 <zzz> put it in rst markdown, you can get the format from one of the existing ones, find the source in our i2p.www branch on github
20:26:11 <picklerick> oh you guys are on github now?
20:26:19 <picklerick> thank goodness, I hate monotone with a passion
20:26:20 <zzz> I'd like to start a "SSU2" proposal someday, maybe later this year
20:26:36 <picklerick> zzz: if you want, I would love to consult on it
20:26:42 <zzz> we've been mirrored on gitbhub for years, so you can always use that to get files if you like
20:26:46 <zzz> we don't take GH PRs though
20:26:56 <tini2p> +1
20:27:19 <zzz> picklerick, feel free to join us in #ls2, we're not talking about transports now, but we could always use some more brainpower
20:27:33 <zzz> anything else for the meeting?
20:28:00 * zzz grabs the baffer
20:29:05 * zzz *bafs* the meeting closed
